Add docs (#26)
modex-flexmex/oemo-flex: docs/model_structure.rst

.. _model_structure_label:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Model structure
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> oemoflex is a model of the integrated European energy system, featuring many flexibility options.

Author: ```suggestion
oemoflex is sector-integrated multi-node energy system model featuring a lot of flexibility options. Its region, interconnections and components can be adapted flexibly.
```

Reviewer: See https://github.com/modex-flexmex/oemo-flex/pull/26#issuecomment-744547385
